okay I'm gonna start with some calamari
calamari
yes um refresher yes it is so push the
calamari okay chef Gordon question the
quality of the calamari my calamari is
fresh and then from Maui I'd like to
have a New York Strip okay you make me a
little fresh pizza which would you like
you yeah thank you
blue set me up a small dough please and
what's your like Sonya Sonya Percy would
you do um I'm an actor you're
interesting yeah Neela what uh did you
play with Sebastian because he's an
actor oh no I'll tell you I'm the
calamari I'll be freshly fried they
aren't frozen he told me they're fresh
and then I'll French they're frozen that
confirms two things [ __ ] chef
and a dishonest one can I get you
anything no mystic Micah he asked me for
a sick bag wish I didn't know what to
say something okay all right
he said that he wanted a puke bag that's
um that's a no you're not saying that
okay you say yes sir and walk away
okay bro okay ration just you could tell
in his face that he wasn't very happy
with the comment I understand the guy's
a professional but to say something like
that a sick bag come on this is the
house speciality um yes yes it what kind
of pizzas it oh my god papaya pizza oh
boy yes thank you hey hey so I got the
chef yes chef Gordon Ramsay yeah yeah
he's in the dining room eating hay yeah
yeah he thinks my food is terrible
shuffle just go yep the waitress asked
can I get you anything else he said yeah
a sick bag yeah yeah I don't agree with
his opinion well it's wrong mode yeah
yeah
with two wood-burning ovens then I
thought at least they were made to be in
a position to a stunning piece of a
basic song it's all watery surely to
Christ they make a fresh piece of dough
here Sonia I want you to plate it to him
and it wants you to say el Sebastian's
mother would say mangia - she's mother
would say mangia
they didn't divulge it without you're
nice and soil I'm sorry about your
clearance
you've got the part Oh relax okay it
looks like a can of dog food one basment
a New York Strip stage
just chopped and cook - how everything's
and the seasons enough can pet food for
today